[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> A full planetary
parade, a Cancer solstice,
and the perfect time for you
to expand your potential,
how you can prepare to get
the most out of this rare
phenomena.
>> This solstice is a key matter
to align our lives and let go
of whatever is not aligned.
>> This is "Gaia News."
[MUSIC PLAYING]
On June 21, the
Northern hemisphere
will see the most light
while the Southern hemisphere
will be at its darkest.
If we look through a
telescope that night,
we'll be able to
see all the planets
of our solar system
lining up with the moon
in between Mars and Jupiter.
But starting June
24, the moon will
be in the constellation of
Taurus between Mars and Venus,
and will be the most beautiful
day to look at the sky.
How will this celestial
event impact our lives?
Astrologer Mercedes
Arnus Arraut.
>> So equinoxes and solstices
divide the zodiac wheel
into four points, which are the
zero degrees of Aries, Cancer,
Libra, and Capricorn.
And when the sun enters any
of these four constellations
is when we have an equinox
or when we have a solstice,
bringing in a new season.
And that's why these
four zodiac signs
are called cardinal signs.
It's cardinal energy, bringing
something new, activating areas
in our life that needed action.
In this case, the constellation
that we're talking about
is Cancer.
Cancer is the energy of home.
Cancer season starts with
this solstice on June 21.
Cancer talks about home, safety,
family, stability, protection,
nurture, what's familiar to us.
It's our emotions.
So in the upcoming
three months, we
can experience a review
of all these matters,
since Cancer solstice
this year takes place
under a very dynamic energy.
>> What can we expect Jupiter
to bring in as a key figure
in this solstice?
>> We can see that in the
upcoming three months,
we can be changing homes.
We can be dealing with
important family matters,
or in looking to
make investments
into an important
property or project
that we want to nurture.
So since Jupiter, the planet of
the foreign lands, the planet
of expansion is a very key
figure in the solstice,
we can be looking
for a home abroad.
There are lots of people moving
or creating a home overseas,
for example, or in other states.
As well as we can be making
investments in places
that are foreign to us, and
definitely lots of traveling.
>> What can those of us who
are uncertain about letting go
of what isn't serving us do
to align our lives in the next
three months?
>> For this solstice, we have
a full planetary alignment,
which is something very rare,
indicating that this solstice
is a key matter to align our
life and let go of whatever is
not aligned.
So if we do this act of
aligning ourselves consciously,
the next three months will go a
lot smoother than if we don't.
But for sure, we can
experience many changes
in everything that was
giving us stability
and a lot of action and
movement when it comes to,
what is home to us?
>> Although Mercury, Venus,
Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Neptune,
and Uranus will align during
this year's summer solstice,
Mercedes says the energy will
last for about three months
after the conjunction.
So be sure to embrace
this time of action
to light a fire in your life
and expand your horizon.
For a new perspective,
this is "Gaia News."
For more information
on this topic,
check out this content on Gaia.